so I'm frying my fish right now and I
use the company of the trust it has less
bonus and for cooking the Cordelia fish
Cordelia this is what I'm gonna be
needing an egg garlic diced onions and
tomatoes were gonna be dicing this tin
okay there goes my fish it's looking
deliciously fried yep
so using the same pan without washing it
yes without I just lessen the oil and
I'm gonna be using the same part to
saute my tomato as always I hope my
garlic first
then once my onions and garlic are
beautifully cool there it goes I pour in
my tomatoes mix well and cover II wait
till like five minutes until the tomato
gets a real puree so right now the
tomato juice out it's up to you how you
prefer cooking it if you like the more
juicy but for me I don't like it
juicy or should I say watery so I'm
gonna wait a little bit longer to
thicken the juice and lastly I will be
adding the egg
you
and now everything is cooked what I do I
just place the sauteed tomato on the
side but some people they toast in the
fried fish into the pan of sauteed
tomato but for me I don't want to lose
the crispiness of the fish so I just
place the tomato on the side as you know
like dipping sauce so yeah as you can
see Christine can't wait to eat it and
thank you guys for watching I'll see you
on my next cooking boom is it yummy yeah
what's that then
it's that fish yeah fish okay
so we're gonna eat fish now nose that's
the nose where's the ice there's the
eyes or do you eat the eyes who you took
out the eyes alright say bye bye alright
thank you guys for watching guys bye hey